alright so the last thing is that the
Chancellor you did show you this TX
for.com if you just see that he is
advertising is courses as he said he's
got a lot of this blog post basic
questions that he has class from
students multi-purpose that content put
it on the blog and the good thing about
that is that since driven from questions
that class
rich with keywords and students are
gonna be searching out to be able to
find his are you finding that your blog
does do reasonably good job of
generating yeah I believe show it's hard
to say because it doesn't have that much
traffic 11 source of traffic to my
website that I know for sure is your
YouTube so and YouTube channel and what
about 3,000 followers there what happens
is whenever I complete a lecture I have
played a bunch of these elections are
you up when I finish course I upload a
bunch of pictures from the course into a
new playlist in my YouTube channel and
put in a detailed description and a lot
of keywords because at least in my space
when somebody's looking for information
on how to make and motifs in to YouTube
first and had pop in modo Spain are
doing so he got all the right keywords
and I sign a contract this that the
number one source of traffic to my
website is actually YouTube account
YouTube cups from Egypt to my Web Start
button and sign up eventually
that that that is a big no source
definitely future should be part of your
strategy okay that you're making sure
that your posting on you two are hitting
on some of these rich keywords your
prospects will be searching they find
your courses are getting close to an
hour here I know that I start a little
bit late I do want to open up here and
asked directly weekend a few minutes for
that we work winding down and the
interview here and waiting to see if
anybody has a desire to take a question
you just wanna go ahead and wrap up
first year 10 people or if you could
wrap up tell us what's your goals that
you hear a motor for a long time no more
it's a lot more actually my my 1 I'm
planning out a little bit about planning
in a minute when I'm planning to have a
bunch or what you want to do in my
pipeline but when time comes to the next
one up to be very careful what did you
know that whichever public I choose from
my nation in my pipeline it's the thing
that I've been working on for the next
three months at a lost cause took about
three months so it's about three months
of course
so about cleaning up so I think that's
the central idea that I want to know the
take-home lesson from this new image
that in my experience it's now or never
had a very quick refresher it's never
been quick getting tense and income in
your to me it's always a gradual process
and although most of us it doesn't start
with much as I said before just said
next day I'm doing this course planet hi
pup tent up to 20 election that shit no
planning essentially it can't continue
like that for too long cuz you know
things get better thanks I get specially
when you start getting a job so planning
once you reach that stage is extremely
potent
so everybody's different in terms of
planning I do I use online tools to help
me out guys tusks chairs alright guys
cautious retired activity which I tried
to maximize every hour that are put in
so yesterday for example I was working
on taking the script that are created
for my arrest rate hike all turning it
into an e-book Publishing 100 maybe next
week my putting up courses to write a
script the script everything almost
anything no I don't skip the experiment
in the damage because they're generally
more free rolling but everything else ok
thank those scripts and so on the same
public
some people like to reach you would like
to watch everybody doing my products and
what-have-you planning really commit
energy in it it's going to be very hard
now everybody's got their situations my
case my studio it's in my home almost
home schooling kids so my home is always
full of people in eighty everybody in
the household and try to get the
challenge that I had I know that others
homes change stations always give up for
something that is lesser quality just to
get it out of the door with a bit of
patience will be rewarded shots in it so
many times really is you have those
ingredients your approach to this entry
much of any other product you'll do it
well great ok well I did hear during the
worst of 2010 you can use that and I
want to let you know I will eventually
replace my website which sometimes
they're so you'll be able to find it
replayed here and if you want to
continue the discussion there I do have
installed on my website so I asked other
questions make sure that I being here
and say hey
and and ask questions that people are so
everybody watching the replay of this
information and I will I'm in the
process of getting all these things
transfer other types of supplementary so
I think you Peter and I wish you all a
good evening thank you Mark Teixeira